v0.6.0 CHANGELOG etc (#398)
nipy/heudiconv: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.6.0] - 2019-12-05

This is largely a bug fix.  Metadata and order of `_key-value` fields in BIDS
could change from the result of converting using previous versions, thus minor
version boost.
14 people contributed to this release -- thanks
[everyone](https://github.com/nipy/heudiconv/graphs/contributors)!

### Enhancement

- Use [etelemetry](https://pypi.org/project/etelemetry) to inform about most
  recent available version of heudiconv. Please set `NO_ET` environment variable
  if you want to disable it ([#369][])
- BIDS:

>   - `--bids` flag became an option. It can (optionally) accept `notop` value

Reviewer: `--bids` was already an option - perhaps
```suggestion
  - `--bids` flag now supports additional options. It can accept `notop` value
```

Author: I agree to disagree:
```shell
$> git diff v0.5.4.. -- heudiconv/cli/run.py | grep -2 -e -bids
                         help='session for longitudinal study_sessions, default '
                         'is none')
-    parser.add_argument('-b', '--bids', action='store_true',
-                        help='flag for output into BIDS structure')
+    parser.add_argument('-b', '--bids', nargs='*',
+                        metavar=('BIDSOPTION1', 'BIDSOPTION2'),
+                        choices=['notop'],
+                        dest='bids_options',
+                        help='flag for output into BIDS structure. Can also '
+                        'take bids specific options, e.g., --bids notop.'
+                        'The only currently supported options is'
+                        '"notop", which skips creation of top-level bids '
```

Author: so it went from a pure flag (`store_true`) to an option which could be used as a flag as well

Reviewer: yes. though i would refer to all flags, even ones that just store_true, as "options". small thing but the way its worded in the changelog confused me

Author: hm, indeed it could be said that every flag (a boolean switch) is an option, but not every option is a flag.  I would not say that a flag can supports options (as your wording suggests).  Not sure what better wording would be so proceeding forward.

    ([#348][])
  - `_PDT2` was added as a suffix for multi-echo (really "multi-modal")
    sequences ([#345][])
- Calls to `dcm2niix` would include full output path to make it easier to
  discern in the logs what file it is working on ([#351][])
- With recent [datalad]() (>= 0.10), created DataLad dataset will use
  `--fake-dates` functionality of DataLad to not leak data conversion dates,
  which might be close to actual data acquisition/patient visit ([#352][])
- Support multi-echo EPI `_phase` data ([#373][] fixes [#368][])
- Log location of a bad .json file to ease troubleshooting ([#379][])
- Add basic pypi classifiers for the package ([#380][])

### Fixed
- Sorting `_scans.tsv` files lacking valid dates field should not cause a crash
  ([#337][])
- Multi-echo files detection based number of echos ([#339][])
- BIDS
  - Use `EchoTimes` from the associated multi-echo files if `EchoNumber` tag is
    missing ([#366][] fixes [#347][])
  - Tolerate empty ContentTime and/or ContentDate in DICOMs ([#372][]) and place
    "n/a" if value is missing ([#390][])
  - Do not crash and store original .json file is "JSON pretification" fails
    ([#342][])
- ReproIn heuristic

>   - tollerate WIP prefix on Philips scanners ([#343][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - tolerate WIP prefix on Philips scanners ([#343][])
```
